.. A delightful introduction to music for adults

A delightful introduction to music for adults (draft in progress)
=================================================================

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Contents:

Purpose
-------

So many adults have come up to me after a musical performance and
said, "I love listening to music, but wish I could play it
myself". This book is written for them, and in particular, to help
friends of mine who in their thirties decided they wanted to get in on
the beautiful, mysterious world of music not just as a listener, but
also to play for their own enjoyment.

The specific problem I want to address is that not everyone grows up
with formal musical education (or accepts it if it was forced upon
them). In fact, I myself received very little musical education (no
private piano lessons) and stumbled my way through school
band playing flute for four years starting at age ten before giving up
on flute for almost *thirty years* before I decided to try again. Age
ten was also the year my mother convinced my father to get an upright
piano, but since she herself had no formal instruction, we tried to
teach ourselves and I gave up after a couple of weeks, only to try
again in college, and then cycling through years of giving up and
trying again. Eventually I simply gave up on trying to play music
until shortly after reaching the age of forty, when I decided I wanted
to try again, and differently. This time, it stuck, and I realized
that without guidance, I had gone about music earlier completely
wrong.

My goal is to help adults have a lot more fun and results in getting
into music, with a focus on experiencing the **delight** of music. I
present an active inquiry-based approach to understanding and making
music by combining both theory and practice in an efficient, enjoyable
way.

Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`search`
